Update the Tools documentation (#47)
JetBrains/koog-docs: docs/advanced-tool-implementation.md

Both approaches use the same core components but differ in implementation and the results they return.

### Tool class

The [`Tool<Args, Result>`](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool/index.html) abstract class is the base class for creating tools in Koog.
It lets you create tools that accept specific argument types (`Args`) and return results of various types (`Result`).

Each tool consists of the following components:

| <div style="width:110px">Component</div> | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `Args`                                   | The serializable data class that defines arguments required for the tool. This class must implement the [`Tool.Args`](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool/-args/index.html) interface. For tools that do not require arguments, you can use the built-in `ToolArgs.Empty` implementation. |

Reviewer: It should be `ToolArgs`, not `Tool.Args`

| `Result`                                 | The type of result that the tool returns. This must implement the [`ToolResult`](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool-result/index.html) interface, which can be `ToolResult.Text`, `ToolResult.Boolean`, `ToolResult.Number`, or a custom implementation of `ToolResult.JSONSerializable`. |

> | `argsSerializer`                         | The overridden variable that defines how the arguments for the tool are serialized. See also [argsSerializer](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool/args-serializer.html).                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: It's better to write "deserialized" instead of "serialized" here, since we use this primarily for serialization from string to class object

> | `argsSerializer`                         | The overridden variable that defines how the arguments for the tool are serialized. See also [argsSerializer](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool/args-serializer.html).                                                                                                                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| `argsSerializer`                         | The overridden variable that defines how the arguments for the tool are deserialized. See also [argsSerializer](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool/args-serializer.html).                                                                                                                  |
```

| `descriptor`                             | The overridden variable that specifies tool metadata:<br/>- `name`<br/>- `description`<br/>- `requiredParameters` (empty by default)<br/>- `optionalParameters` (empty by default)<br/>See also [descriptor](https://api.koog.ai/agents/agents-tools/ai.koog.agents.core.tools/-tool/descriptor.html).                        |

> | `execute()`                              | The protected abstract function that implements the main logic of the tool. This method takes arguments of type `Args` and returns a result of type `Result`. See also [execute()]().                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: Let's replace it with: "The method that implements the logic of the tool."

> | `execute()`                              | The protected abstract function that implements the main logic of the tool. This method takes arguments of type `Args` and returns a result of type `Result`. See also [execute()]().                                                                                                                                         |

Author: ```suggestion
| `execute()`                              | The function that implements the logic of the tool. It takes arguments of type `Args` and returns a result of type `Result`. See also [execute()]().                                                                                                                                         |
```

> !!! tip

Reviewer: Let's improve the formatting slightly to make it more readable with a proper block quote:

```md
> **Tip**<br>
> Ensure your tools have clear descriptions and well-defined parameter names to make it easier for the LLM to understand and use them properly.

```

Reviewer: Oh, sorry, I didn't now that it's a special syntax is, it didn't render in IntelliJ. Then it's ok

    Ensure your tools have clear descriptions and well-defined parameter names to make it easier for the LLM to understand and use them properly.

#### Usage example

Here is an example of a custom tool implementation using the `Tool` class that returns a numeric result:

```kotlin
// Implement a simple calculator tool that adds two digits
object CalculatorTool : Tool<CalculatorTool.Args, ToolResult.Number>() {
    
    // Arguments for the calculator tool
    @Serializable
    data class Args(
        val digit1: Int,
        val digit2: Int

>     ) : Tool.Args {

Reviewer: Should be `ToolArgs` now

!!! tip
    Ensure your tools have clear descriptions and well-defined parameter names to make it easier for the LLM to understand and use them properly.

#### Usage example 

Here is an example of a custom tool implementation using `SimpleTool`:

<!--- INCLUDE
import ai.koog.agents.core.tools.SimpleTool
import ai.koog.agents.core.tools.Tool
import ai.koog.agents.core.tools.ToolDescriptor
import ai.koog.agents.core.tools.ToolParameterDescriptor
import ai.koog.agents.core.tools.ToolParameterType
import kotlinx.serialization.Serializable
-->
```kotlin
// Create a tool that casts a string expression to a double value
object CastToDoubleTool : SimpleTool<CastToDoubleTool.Args>() {
    // Define tool arguments
    @Serializable
    data class Args(val expression: String, val comment: String) : Tool.Args

    // Serializer for the Args class
    override val argsSerializer = Args.serializer()

    // Tool descriptor
    override val descriptor = ToolDescriptor(

>         name = "cast to double",

Author: ```suggestion
        name = "cast_to_double",
```
